was the 10 shirt of the selection neymar entered
in the field yesterday by barcelona on
Spanish league is after scoring
two goals in the middle of the week the ace
alleviated the criticism that had been
of sister
so we're going to have a difficult duel
this Tuesday by the league of champions
it will face the neymar will affect
diego costa the naturalized brazilian
that has been the highlight of the
athletic de madrid is championship leader
Spanish and the globe shows this
live at 13 45 in the afternoon and we did
a comparison of the season of the two
attackers who have taken the best
neymar with diego costa
a duel of madrid barcelona mother by
example this time is not the real today
athletic path catalan barcelona and
athletic de madrid brigam point to point
the spanish championship the real madrid logo
there on the side is from madrid beat athletic
bilbao the 2 to 1 and reached 76 points
keeping the end of the championship
already the madrid real thrashed the ray vallecano
the 5 to 0 and continues dreaming with the title
only in addition to the internal dispute barcelona
test too much for a vacancy in the
semifinals of the league of champions and
private duel and two attackers
and at that moment you make me almost opposite
Related Tags
Spanish 25 years in honeymoon with
athletic twist and also with the
Spanish twisted
he is deputy top scorer of the championship
with just three goals behind
Cristiano Ronaldo
yesterday as the athletic bilbao
striker scored the 25th goal 1 31 matches
tournament the barcelona of messi neymar
still looking for space with the protagonist
the jersey 11 scored 19 goals with the
Spanish championship being two in the week
passed in the victory over the Celtic of vigo
last week and honor cross ace
Dutch in the 70s and club legend
criticized Barcelona for having placed
too much weight on the shoulders of neymar to
he the player's high salary is a
problem inside the locker room
the Brazilian is not unanimous among the
fans of barcelona and neither is it
absolute and technical owner tata martino
relay with the spanish pedro
the Chilean alexis sánchez already happens
since the beginning of the season
hence the difference in shipment numbers
and Diego Costa
according to all official matches in the
season of error has 33 goals in 43
games with training but only 14
times when 35 solos in assists
neymar is more important to use against
four of diego costa that can also
difference in the functions that each
plays your body
I get the athletic finisher that plays
as a function of the sleeve 19 already in the gear
of barcelona the main piece and
Argentina
dress shirt 10 play flows around
of messi neymar seeks the connection with
mate four times elected
better remember also that
neymar comes from an ankle injury that
left him for almost a month without playing
he lost a little space
barcelona
during this period that he was
absent the barcelona found a way
to play without the neymar that on his return
put him in the place of the field that I
I think it yields a little less
which on the right side
if there is less than three months of the cup
followed the stage of trying is not the
best floor does not care and coordinator
coach of the Brazilian national team, we
we are worried neymar a player who
we always bet from the beginning not
You have to worry about it, you just have to
it's not football, it responds well and in
of the field and all eyes of these quarters
Champions League Final
of madrid and barcelona do for
first time a confrontation between them
in this competition if it were to depend
just the individual diego costa
would be favorite but neymar seems to be
better accompanied
the Barcelona has a slight favoritism